These are all Data Structures code written in CPP by me.
In each file name PL(num), 'num' refers to the number of problem statement as follows:

1.Design and implement a program to read, display, insert, update and delete operations on data objects for customer information supply chain management system using array.

2.Design and implement a program for sparse matrix operations of addition, multiplication and transpose of sparse matrix for climate prediction data stored in 2D array.

3.Design and develop program for insertion, up-dating, searching, sorting, listing and deletion operations using singly linked list for placement information system.

4.Design and develop program for polynomial addition, multiplication operations for disease information using circular linked list.

5.Design and implement a program for sorting two given lists and merging these two sorted lists of marks scored for technical skill examination of recruitment cell using doubly linked list.

6.Design and implement a menu driven program for expression conversion from infix to postfix, postfix to prefix expression and evaluation of postfix expression using stack.

8.Design and implement a menu driven program for linear and circular queue for food ordering using array and linked list.

9.Design and implement a program for double ended queue and its operations for a shopping mall.

10.Design and implement a menu driven program for implementing insertion sort and quick sort for population of a town.

11.Design and implement a menu driven program for implementing Fibonacci, binary and sentinel searching for students marks scored in an examination.

12.Design and implement a program for survey information of sports using principle of inclusion and exclusion.

13.Design and implement a program for generating all possible combinations of given string using recursion.

14.Design and develop a program using linear recurrence relations for various loan schemes of a bank.

15. Design and implement program for parity checker of ASCII equivalence of given word.